Add the first draft of the code structure. (#791)
GeodynamicWorldBuilder/WorldBuilder: doc/sphinx/developer_manual/developing_for_the_GWB/code_structure.md

```{todo}
Go through how the code is actually structured with directories and from core to utilities and pugins.
```

> The main file that generates the GWB world is `source/world_builder/world.cc` using the specified parameterizations in a given worldbuilder (`*.wb`) file. The executable `gwb-dat` or `gwb-grid` is then used to query the World on a set of specified points or on a grid, respectively. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main file that is reponsible for creating and accessing the GWB world is `source/world_builder/world.cc`. When creating a new GWB world it uses the parameterizations from the worldbuilder (`*.wb`) input file to create the world. External programs, such as `gwb-dat` or `gwb-grid` or other software such as ASPECT or SEPRAN, can then use the provided interfaces to ask about certain properties (e.g. temperature, composition) on any location.
```

> GWB determines where a given point lies in the World amongst the specified tectonic features. The utility functions to compute the distance of point from a feature are defined in the `source/world_builder/utilities.cc`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GWB determines where a given point lies in the World amongst the specified tectonic features. This happens mostly through utility functions, which to compute the distance of point from a feature.  These and several other utility functions are defined in the `source/world_builder/utilities.cc`. 
```
